No, let's go skating. This big bank still wants to compete with me,
Deserve a drink is a fee.
This original piece comes from the entrance to the battlefield in Mexico.
The skin is complete and has two killing points.
The meat is starting to turn black. Viewed from the opening,
The base is clean and translucent, and the oily feel is also very good.
There is still shadow for dragging and killing. You mean cut it a little more.
Brother, you are so sure that you can produce good things.
Master, look for another knife.
This little brother is breaking you like this. cut again,
That's the law of chicken inscription and king of chicken.
I'll get rich next time
I'll accept it as a matter of business
This is a lot of imperial law
You still have the nerve to say it?
180 million
If you steal something from me, it won't be called marriage.
Everyone promised five for this piece of information
Made me turn over
This time the five ones
It depends on whether your current price can afford it.